day of leaders in Real Madrid at
same as the first team the second
filial got this Sunday a
4-0 victory against the carabanchel who
it rises to the first position of the group
7 third division
the defeat of the alcobendas in fuenlabrada
puts those of jose manuel díaz in a
privileged position in the classification
yes the truth that we are all very
happy we made a good match
we have won 40 a direct and good rival
then we have also had the fortune
that has lost the alcobendas and we
we put very happy leaders happy
but this has been achieved with much
effort in a match that started very
well for whites only had they
played four minutes and the big one appeared
protagonist of the meeting frank sun
began his recital with this great goal
from the edge of the celebration area by
everything high because they knew the
importance of getting the three points
already in minute 27 this happened
bruno goes down the right wing ramírez
makes it perfect for you again frank
sun finish the ball to the net
20 and same celebration for the front
white in the second half of
carabanchel came out for the game but
without many clear occasions occasions
if Real Madrid have until
the goal of tranquility came
with these two sharp dribbles brings out the
ball and it gives the barrel that made the
rest
minute 79 golazo and 30 but still
there was more this double chance of
nephew
or this lack of javi shot that brings out
the carabanchel goalkeeper
if in the first part we have left
we better to have the ball and good
we've proven it 20 we've gone from
rest then they have already left strong
wanting you want not to tie the match
although we have left the goal to
zero and then at the end then nothing
Cons have already killed four of them
minutes to the end again in a
against fast frank sun the type is played
to make your hat-trick and confirm the
leadership although he could not celebrate as
I would have liked yes I am very happy
it's been a long time since I made a hat-trick and
Well this gives me a lot of moral but
I also wanted to congratulate the
colleagues who have given me the passes in
put the goal and seen that he has entered and
the euphoria has gone to celebrate it and
I could not get up because
because I had stuck the tacos in the
Two knees and the coach Jose Manuel
Diaz could not hide his joy and he
he was very satisfied with the work
of the team if the important thing was that
we took our party and the truth
that has gotten me right too early
we have scored and I think that it has not
lowered perhaps too much but the truth
that I've never lost the face of
party and they have been very involved since
the beginning to the end we have left
more than half of league what happens that
for this team is important is the
first because it's not normal inside
we are in Madrid it is not normal that
spill I did this first then there's
that value it in its proper measure